2021 03 02 iswilli accessreviewscopeupdates (#11842)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accessreviewinstance-batchrecorddecisions.md

---
title: "accessReviewInstance: batchRecordDecisions"
description: "Review all accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems in batches."
author: "isabelleatmsft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# accessReviewInstance: batchRecordDecisions
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Enables reviewers to review all [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](../resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md) objects in batches by using `principalId`, `resourceId`, or neither.

Reviewer: Can we explain the second part of this sentence more clearly? For example: "You can batch items based on a specific principalId or resourceId."

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|AccessReviews.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported|
|Application|AccessReviews.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
POST /me/pendingAccessReviewInstances/{accessReviewInstanceId}/batchRecordDecisions
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply JSON representation of the parameters.

The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this action.

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> | decision  | String | Access decision for the entity being reviewed. Possible values are: `Approve` `Deny` `NotReviewed` `DontKnow`. Required.  |

Reviewer: Please add commas between the values for readability.

---
title: "accessReviewInstance: batchRecordDecisions"
description: "Review all accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems in batches."
author: "isabelleatmsft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# accessReviewInstance: batchRecordDecisions
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> A reviewer can review all [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](../resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md) objects in batches by using `principalId`, `resourceId`, or neither.

Reviewer: The subject of the summary sentence should be the method itself; this summary isn't clear. Suggested revision: "Enable reviewers to review all...."

| decision  | String | Access decision for the entity being reviewed. Possible values are: `Approve` `Deny` `NotReviewed` `DontKnow`. Required.  |
|  justification | String | Context of the review provided to admins. Required if justificationRequiredOnApproval is True on the accessReviewScheduleDefinition.  |
|principalId|String|If supplied, all the `accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems` with matching principalId will be reviewed in this batch. If not supplied, all principalIds will be reviewed.|
|resourceId|String|If supplied, all the `accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems` with matching resourceId will be reviewed in this batch. If not supplied, all resourceIds will be reviewed.|

## Response

If successful, this action returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Examples

### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "accessreviewinstance_batchrecorddecisions"
}
-->
``` http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/pendingAccessReviewInstances/{accessReviewInstanceId}/batchRecordDecisions
Content-Type: application/json
Content-length: 113

{
  "decision": "String",
  "justification": "String",
  "principalId": "String",
  "resourceId": "String"
}
```

### Response

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

Reviewer: Please remove this note when there is no response body.

---
title: "accessReviewInstance: batchRecordDecisions"

> description: "A reviewer can review all  accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems in batches by principalId, resourceId, or neither."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Review all accessReviewInstanceDecisionItems in batches."
```

author: "isabelleatmsft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# accessReviewInstance: batchRecordDecisions
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> A reviewer can review all  [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](../resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md)s in batches by `principalId`, `resourceId`, or neither.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A reviewer can review all [accessReviewInstanceDecisionItem](../resources/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem.md) objects in batches by using `principalId`, `resourceId`, or neither.
```
